Fixed #31405 -- Added LoginRequiredAuthenticationMiddleware force all views to require authentication by default. (#17792)
django/django: docs/ref/checks.txt

  for its builtin permission names to be at most 100 characters.
* **auth.E012**: The permission codenamed ``<codename>`` of model ``<model>``
  is longer than 100 characters.
* **auth.E013**: The login required middleware requires authentication

>   middleware to be installed, and come before the login required middleware.

Reviewer: This feels a tiny odd, what about:
```suggestion
  middleware to be installed, and should be defined before the login required middleware.
```

Reviewer 2: Just so you know where this is coming from, this is model-ed off https://github.com/django/django/blob/f030236a86a64a4befd3cc8093e2bbeceef52a31/django/contrib/messages/storage/session.py#L17

Shall I still update the wording or keep it to be the same format as this other error

Reviewer: My proposal would be to update the error message in this PR (both in the exception raising code and in the docs), since it reads awkwardly, and follow up with a separated PR to fix phrasing for the session middleware. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Error message is updated 👍
